Update gRPC security bbes (#3812)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/grpc-service-oauth2/grpc_service_oauth2.md

# gRPC service - OAuth2

> A gRPC service/resource can be secured with OAuth2 and by enforcing authorization optionally. Then, it validates the OAuth2 token sent in the `Authorization` metadata against the provided configurations. This calls the configured introspection endpoint to validate. Ballerina uses the concept of scopes for authorization. The scope can be included in the introspection response using a custom claim attribute. That custom claim attribute also can be configured as the `scopeKey`. In the authorization phase, the scopes of the service/resource are compared against the scope included in the introspection response for at least one match between the two sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A gRPC service/resource can be secured with OAuth2 and by enforcing authorization optionally. Then, it validates the OAuth2 token sent in the `Authorization` metadata against the provided configurations. This calls the configured introspection endpoint for validation. Ballerina uses the concept of scopes for authorization. The scope can be included in the introspection response using a custom claim attribute. That custom claim attribute also can be configured as the `scopeKey`. In the authorization phase, the scopes of the service/resource are compared against the scope included in the introspection response for at least one match between the two sets.
```
Too lengthy. Break the paragraph into two.
